Chameleon - Add keyboard (#22427)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/tweetydabird/chameleon/readme.md

# Chameleon 

> ![chameleon](https://imgur.com/a/WNtE4U6)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![chameleon](https://i.imgur.com/BEAzgK8h.jpeg)
```

> Chameleon is a 46-60 Key Grid Ortho Keyboard with optional 5x12 or 4x12 layouts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Chameleon is a 46-60 Key Grid Ortho Keyboard with optional bottom row layouts.
```

Author: No, not quite. But I clarified it.

> ![chameleon](https://lectronz.com/lectronz/active_storage/representations/redirect/eyJfcmFpbHMiOnsibWVzc2FnZSI6IkJBaHBBalFoIiwiZXhwIjpudWxsLCJwdXIiOiJibG9iX2lkIn19--4be3beffa89240abba6874d8ef242fc7b0b10994/eyJfcmFpbHMiOnsibWVzc2FnZSI6IkJBaDdCem9MWm05eWJXRjBTU0lKU2xCRlJ3WTZCa1ZVT2hSeVpYTnBlbVZmZEc5ZmJHbHRhWFJiQjJrQ3dBTnBBb0FDIiwiZXhwIjpudWxsLCJwdXIiOiJ2YXJpYXRpb24ifX0=--3e445397da8bf51b531321877b7934091a51a638/IMG_1311.JPEG)

Reviewer: could this image be re-hosted on Imgur?

Author: Sure, not sure why though? It should be pretty stable where it is, since that's where I sell the PCB, but I'll happily put it on Imgur as well.
